KPMG – Technology Audit Graduate Programme
Location: London
Capability: Audit
Experience Level: Graduate
Type: Full Time

Why Technology Audit?
The world's leading organisations are embracing technology at an incredible pace today. Given the growth of AI, robotics, advanced analytics and Blockchain, there are opportunities for businesses of all sizes to make leaps they couldn't previously have imagined. It's the job of our Technology Audit team to identify and mitigate the potential risks and threats that this fast-moving world can produce. As you'd expect, we work as part of KPMG's wider Audit practice, which provides insight, challenge and expertise to some of the world's biggest companies. We make a meaningful difference to those businesses and the wider community.

Life as a Technology Audit graduate
You don't need to be a technical guru to join us. Our current graduates have degrees in a variety of subjects. If you're curious, agile, pay attention to detail and have the appetite to learn about technology and the role of technology in audit, you'll thrive with us.

You'll be working as part of a larger team alongside colleagues in Financial Audit, with a particular focus on evaluating the IT systems that underpin an organisation's key financial processes. Ensuring continuous improvement of audit quality, you'll assess control risks (including code evaluation and system configuration), financial and operational applications, technology infrastructure and technology projects. We'll also expect you to assess the cyber security landscape of the business you're working with.

It's all about critically assessing processes and controls over data and, through the work, you'll gain exposure to local and global businesses alike – potentially in different industry sectors. As a result, you'll see a breadth of technology and be able to draw on the support of innovative data and analytics technology and tools. We also provide you with our global, smart audit platform, KPMG Clara, that delivers automated solutions

Your Future
On this programme, you'll complete the Certificate in Accounting Finance and Business (CFAB). Alongside this, we will support you to develop your technology, process and data audit skills, all of which empower you to build an exciting and long-term career with us.

Programme Length: 3 years
Qualifications: CFAB

Entry Requirements:
At KPMG, everyone brings a unique perspective, and we want to ensure that you have the best opportunity to demonstrate your potential. We want to discover your individual strengths and attributes to help us to know whether you'll enjoy working here and how you'll thrive. That's why we operate an open access policy and an application process that will assess both your qualifications and your qualities.

Generally, you'll be expected to demonstrate the following grades (*or equivalents), to show that you're able to successfully study for professional qualifications. If you are a few grades or points short, we would still encourage you to apply, as your application will be reviewed together with your performance in our assessments. You'll also have the opportunity to provide additional information for us to assess your application and potential in the context of your socio-economic background and/or any extenuating circumstances, which may have a positive uplift on your academic achievements through contextual recruitment.

- GCSE Maths Grade 5 or B*
- GCSE English Language Grade 5 or B*
- 120 UCAS points* from your 'top' 3 A Level grades, excluding General Studies
- 2:1 undergraduate degree in any discipline.

Key Skills:
Throughout the recruitment process we will be looking to learn more about your strengths. To be successful on this programme, you will be required to demonstrate the strengths that we look for in our graduates at KPMG.

Training and Development:
The training and development of our people is critical to the future success of our business. We want to empower you to grow in your own way, to feed your curiosity and embrace a growth mindset in an environment where learning is continuous. We have therefore created a rich curriculum and learning community to help you build your skills and fulfil your potential. This ranges from an immersive induction experience to help you transition to the world of work, through to formal training courses, leadership knowledge bites, learning journals, online courses and networking events – all aligned to our 'learn for a lifetime' strategy designed to help you gain an advantage for life.

In addition, in Technology Audit, we currently offer the CFAB qualification. The CFAB qualification is part of the ACA Accelerated Programme, which is a front-loaded study path that uses innovative technology and is delivered via a blend of online and in-centre classroom courses. The ACA Accelerated programme enables you to upskill quickly so you can make your mark. You will complete just the initial level of the ICAEW ACA qualification, CFAB or the Certificate in Accounting Finance and Business, which will give you a good understanding of business, finance & accounting, and is highly valued in organisations around the world. The ICAEW Certificate in Finance, Accounting & Business (ICAEW CFAB) teaches practical skills and essential knowledge in accounting, finance and business.

In the remaining two years of your training contract, you will concentrate on building up a fantastic range of work experience and will have the technical knowledge to apply to your role in the workplace. The entire programme is supported by a wide range of mechanisms that will be applied by your tuition provider (BPP) and KPMG's dedicated Early Careers Development team. This newly designed programme has been structured with you in mind and truly empowers you to accelerate your learning journey at KPMG.

Additional Information:
Please visit our Applying to KPMG page to discover more about our application process.
Visit our International Students page to find out more about visas and requirements.
For anything else, please refer to our FAQ section.
